feat: Add release notes for 2.0.0a14 and a script to create release notes (#19)
someengineering/resoto.com: news/2022-02-02-v2.0.0.14.md

> # 2.0.0a14
> 
> Highlight of this release: we now have a docker-compose file, so each component is started as separate process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# v2.0.0a14

Highlight of this release: we now have a sample [Docker Compose file](https://github.com/someengineering/resoto/blob/main/docker-compose.yaml) which utilizes the Docker images for each individual component!
```
(I will replace this with a link to our docs once I've added the Compose info.)
